#LyX 1.6.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass docbook-book
\use_default_options false
\language canadian
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language swedish
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Getting Started With Alibaba
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
April 2009
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
\begin_inset Flex Element:Firstname
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
James
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Flex Element:Surname
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Leigh
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Literal
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
AliBaba is a collection of modules that provide simplified RDF store abstraction
s to accelerate development and facilitate application maintenance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Metadata Server
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Metadata Server is a general purpose HTTP persistence store.
 It combines an key/value store with an RDF store to provide general purpose
 storage and retrival server with searchable metadata.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Object Repository
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Object Repository maps Java objects to and from RDF resources in a non-intru
sive manner that enables developers to work at the object level.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Federation Sail
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Federation SAIL allows multiple datasets to be virtually combined into
 a single dataset.
 The Federation SAIL combines multiple RDF stores that may exist on a remote
 server or are embedded in the same JVM.
 The Federation uses query optimizations to distribute sections of the query
 to different members based on the data contained in each of the members.
 These results are then joined together within the federation to provide
 the same result as if all the data was co-located within a single repository.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Optimistic Sail
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Optimistic Sail provides concurrent optimistic serializable transactions
 for embedded Sesame stores.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
References
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For more information about Sesame see 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Getting Started With Sesame"
target "http://wiki.aduna-software.org/confluence/display/SESDOC/GettingStarted"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
